Add NNCF quantization for CLIP notebook (#1173)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/228-clip-zero-shot-image-classification/README.md

## Notebook Contents

This tutorial demonstrates how to perform zero-shot image classification using the open-source CLIP model. CLIP is a multi-modal vision and language model. It can be instructed in natural language to predict the most relevant text snippet, given an image, without directly optimizing for the task. According to the [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.00020), CLIP matches the performance of the original ResNet50 on ImageNet “zero-shot” without using any of the original 1.28M labeled examples, overcoming several major challenges in computer vision.
You can find more information about this model in the [research paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.00020), [OpenAI blog](https://openai.com/blog/clip/), [model card](https://github.com/openai/CLIP/blob/main/model-card.md) and GitHub [repository](https://github.com/openai/CLIP).

This folder contains two notebooks that show how to convert and quantize model with OpenVINO:

1. [Convert the CLIP model using OpenVINO](228-clip-zero-shot-convert.ipynb)
2. [Quantize the OpenVINO CLIP model using NNCF](228-clip-zero-shot-quantize.ipynb)

> The 1st notebook contains the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first notebook contains the following steps:
```

1. Download the model.
2. Instantiate the PyTorch model.
3. Export the ONNX model and convert it to OpenVINO IR, using the Model Optimizer tool.
4. Run CLIP with OpenVINO.

> The 2nd notebook contains the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second notebook contains the following steps:
```

1. Quantize the converted OpenVINO model from [notebook](228-clip-zero-shot-convert.ipynb) with NNCF.

> 2. Check the model result using the same input data from the [1 st notebook](228-clip-zero-shot-convert.ipynb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the model result using the same input data from the [first notebook](228-clip-zero-shot-convert.ipynb).
```

3. Compare model size of converted and quantized models.
4. Compare performance of converted and quantized models.

> NNCF performs quantization within the OpenVINO IR. It is required to run the 1st notebook before running the 2nd notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NNCF performs quantization within the OpenVINO IR. It is required to run the first notebook before running the second notebook.
```
